Issues 63 64 (#69)
todogroup/outbound-oss: content/02-contributions-to-existing-projects.md

This means that all the software developed in this context is the property of the employers - i.e., the company the developers are working for. At least the German copyright act does not limit the proprietorship to code developed during working hours or within the company IT infrastructure, it only scopes the context.

Secondly, a procedure is required to protect the company’s business interests as well as to protect the employees. In the context of contributions several aspects can harm the business interests of a company, like (the following list is not a complete list):
* Accidently contributing intellectual property, which shall not leave the company (core IP)
* Contributing code which is not anymore state of the art
* Accidently contributing company internal credentials or other sensible data like personal data

Similar to the protection of business interests, the protection of the employees has several aspects:

> * Employees who contribute material, which was created in the scope of Section 69b, without an offical approval make themselves liable to prosecution

Reviewer: I'm not sure that prosecution is the best word here. Maybe alternatively

```suggestion
* Employees who contribute material, which was created in the scope of Section 69b without an official approval, may be hold liable for any negative consequences to the company or face repercussions in context of their work contract
```
